British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 1: Daily Life and Social Communication.
Lesson 4: Daily Life and Social Communication: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a listening task about work.
Today you will practise language connected to work.
Target language: countable/uncountable nouns.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for daily life and social communication. You will learn useful language connected to work and practise countable/uncountable nouns. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.